README.md, before:

# [react-switch-selector](https://github.com/GR34SE/react-switch-selector) &middot; [![downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-switch-selector)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-switch-selector) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/GR34SE/react-switch-selector/pulls)

### Examples
###### Default

![ReactSwitchSelector](examples/example-default.gif)

###### Custom colors

![ReactSwitchSelector](examples/example-custom-colors.gif)

### Installation

```Shell
npm install react-switch-selector --save
```

or

```Shell
yarn add react-switch-selector
```

### Usage

SwitchSelector will stretch to fill it's parent size, so in order to control it's size it is recommended to create dedicated div wrapper.

```jsx
import SwitchSelector from "react-switch-selector";
```

```jsx
    const options = [
        {
            label: "Foo",
            value: {
                foo: "bar"
            },
            selectedBackgroundColor: "#0097e6",
        },
        {
            label: "Bar",
            value: null,
            selectedBackgroundColor: "#fbc531"
        }
    ];

    const onChange = (newValue) => {
        console.log(newValue);
    };

    const initialSelectedIndex = options.findIndex(({value}) => value === null);

    <SwitchSelector
        inputName="fooBar"
        onChange={onChange}
        options={options}
        initialSelectedIndex={initialSelectedIndex}
        backgroundColor={"#353b48"}
        fontColor={"#f5f6fa"}
    />
```

### Props

| Prop  name                 | Type                    | Default             | Required  | Note                                                                             |
| -------------------------  | ----------------------- | ------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| options                    | Array<OptionType>       | []                  | true      | Options array to render. Each item has a label value and optional styling props  |
| onChange                   | Function                | noop                | true      | onChange callback that returns selected Option's value                           |
| initialSelectedIndex       | number                  | 0                   | false     | Initially selected index of options array                                        |
| inputName                  | string                  | reactSwitchSelector | false     | Name of input (type hidden) that holds currently chosen value                    |
| border                     | string/number           | 0                   | false     | Border of wrapping div                                                           |
| backgroundColor            | string                  | #ecf0f1             | false     | Background color of wrapping div                                                 |
| selectedBackgroundColor    | string                  | #2ecc71             | false     | Background of selected Option                                                    |
| wrapperBorderRadius        | number                  | 20                  | false     | Border radius of wrapping div                                                    |
| optionBorderRadius         | number                  | 18                  | false     | Border radius of Option component                                                |
| fontSize                   | number                  | 14                  | false     | Font size of Option's label                                                      |
| fontColor                  | string                  | #000                | false     | Font color of Option's label                                                     |
| selectedFontColor          | string                  | #fff                | false     | Font color of selected Option's label                                            |

#### OptionType
| Property  name             | Type                    | Default             | Required  | Note                                                                             |
| -------------------------  | ----------------------- | ------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| label                      | string                  | undefined           | true      | Option's text label                                                              |
| value                      | any                     | undefined           | true      | Option's value that is returned by onChange callback                             |
| selectedBackgroundColor    | string                  | undefined           | false     | Background of this selected Option                                               |
| fontColor                  | string                  | undefined           | false     | Font color of this Option's label                                                |
| selectedFontColor          | string                  | undefined           | false     | Font color of this selected Option's label                                       |

Overriding styles by pure css classes is available with react-switch-selector prefix:
- react-switch-selector-wrapper - wrapping div
- react-switch-selector-option - each option
- react-switch-selector-option-label - each option item's label

Commit message:

Minor callback fix, update README, package.json version bump

README.md, after:

# [react-switch-selector](https://github.com/GR34SE/react-switch-selector) &middot; [![downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-switch-selector)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-switch-selector) [![version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/GR34SE/react-switch-selector)](https://github.com/GR34SE/react-switch-selector) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/GR34SE/react-switch-selector/pulls)

### Examples
###### Default

![ReactSwitchSelector](examples/example-default.gif)

###### Custom colors

![ReactSwitchSelector](examples/example-custom-colors.gif)

### Installation

```Shell
npm install react-switch-selector --save
```

or

```Shell
yarn add react-switch-selector
```

### Usage

SwitchSelector will stretch to fill it's parent size, so in order to control it's size it is recommended to create dedicated div wrapper.

```jsx
import SwitchSelector from "react-switch-selector";
```

```jsx
    const options = [
        {
            label: "Foo",
            value: {
                foo: "bar"
            },
            selectedBackgroundColor: "#0097e6",
        },
        {
            label: "Bar",
            value: null,
            selectedBackgroundColor: "#fbc531"
        }
    ];

    const onChange = (newValue) => {
        console.log(newValue);
    };

    const initialSelectedIndex = options.findIndex(({value}) => value === null);

    <SwitchSelector
        inputName="fooBar"
        onChange={onChange}
        options={options}
        initialSelectedIndex={initialSelectedIndex}
        backgroundColor={"#353b48"}
        fontColor={"#f5f6fa"}
    />
```

### Props

| Prop  name                 | Type                    | Default             | Required  | Note                                                                             |
| -------------------------  | ----------------------- | ------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| options                    | Array of OptionType     | []                  | true      | Options array to render. Each item has a label value and optional styling props  |
| onChange                   | Function                | () => null          | true      | onChange callback that returns selected Option's value                           |
| initialSelectedIndex       | number                  | 0                   | false     | Initially selected index of options array                                        |
| inputName                  | string                  | reactSwitchSelector | false     | Name of input (type hidden) that holds currently chosen value                    |
| border                     | string/number           | 0                   | false     | Border of wrapping div                                                           |
| backgroundColor            | string                  | #ecf0f1             | false     | Background color of wrapping div                                                 |
| selectedBackgroundColor    | string                  | #2ecc71             | false     | Background of selected Option                                                    |
| wrapperBorderRadius        | number                  | 20                  | false     | Border radius of wrapping div                                                    |
| optionBorderRadius         | number                  | 18                  | false     | Border radius of Option component                                                |
| fontSize                   | number                  | 14                  | false     | Font size of Option's label                                                      |
| fontColor                  | string                  | #000                | false     | Font color of Option's label                                                     |
| selectedFontColor          | string                  | #fff                | false     | Font color of selected Option's label                                            |

#### OptionType

| Property  name             | Type                    | Default             | Required  | Note                                                                             |
| -------------------------  | ----------------------- | ------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| label                      | string                  | undefined           | true      | Option's text label                                                              |
| value                      | any                     | undefined           | true      | Option's value that is returned by onChange callback                             |
| selectedBackgroundColor    | string                  | undefined           | false     | Background of this selected Option                                               |
| fontColor                  | string                  | undefined           | false     | Font color of this Option's label                                                |
| selectedFontColor          | string                  | undefined           | false     | Font color of this selected Option's label                                       |

###### Overriding styles by pure css classes is available with react-switch-selector prefix:

- react-switch-selector-wrapper - wrapping div
- react-switch-selector-option - each option
- react-switch-selector-option-label - each option item's label
